docs: add contributing.md (#170)
Fruktus/QuadradiusPreservationProject: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue or discord with the owners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via GitHub issues or in the Discord server with the owners.
```
